中文编码设置

查看服务器端编码sql

select userenv('language') from dual

我实际查到的结果为:AMERLCAN_AMERLCA.ZHS16GBK

计算机->属性->高级系统设置->环境变量->新建

设置变量名:NLS_LANG,变量值:

AMERLCAN_AMERLCA.ZHS16GBK
————————————————
版权声明：本文为CSDN博主「tang_cong」的原创文章，遵循 CC 4.0 BY-SA 版权协议，转载请附上原文出处链接及本声明。
原文链接：https://blog.csdn.net/tang_cong/article/details/79361544
http://www.boydata.com/content/uploadfile/201503/2a461426336633.zip
http://www.en8848.com.cn/cet4/words/10wzch/
(1)A Question of Rights
Unfortunately, a crime was about to be committed but at the moment Lesley was unaware of the impending(即将发生的,迫近的) event, which would affect her life so drastically(极端地,彻底地) for the next two years.
For the moment at least, her holiday at the cottage had been ideal. She had spend many idle hours relaxing on the deck, reading, eating a sandwich when she was hungry and in the evening watching the sky turn from brilliant orange to peach and finally to pale purple, eventually the light becoming dim. It was about this time that the mist would begin to rise from the cool water hiding in the dense forest that hugged(环绕,拥抱) the shoreline. Late evening dew glistened on every bush and soon the loon’s(潜鸟) call would resound across the water. She decided to take one last dip in the lake. As the cool night air touched her arms, she gave a little shiver and decided in was time to move inside.
This was to be her last evening alone as Jeff, her former mate, would be returning Zac to her early in the morning. As the case in many marriages these days, problems had arisen between Lesley and Jeff, but they did not extend to Zac. He was a good kid, just entering kindergarten. The couple had come to a mutual agreement, as dictated by the legal custody(保管,监管) agreement. It stated the each parent would share Zac’s care every second weekend and this had been her weekend to be alone.
Jeff was an architect, which a high profile reputation, who worked in downtown Toronto, a partner in a private corporation which mostly did consultant work for the university. Lesley’s company had been hired to advertise the new science complex in order to raise corporate money for the proposed building. She liked her work and she harbored a secret ambition to manager her division of the company some day.
After a whirlwind courtship(求爱,热恋) and a fairytale wedding the couple had settled down to and urban lifestyle. However, after three years and one child the dreamlike marriage came smashing down. One disadvantage of being young and ambitious(有抱负的) was that both of them needed to devote untold hours to their busy schedules. As a result of these late hours, Lesley became suspicious of Jeff’s after hours activities. She accused him of make her part of a love triangle. The whole miserable scene was to set the proceeding for an ugly divorce in motion.
Daydreaming about those earlier days would not help tonight. So with a shrug of her shoulders she tackled the advertising assignment she needed to complete. Tomorrow would be a busy day with Zac arriving home.
The next day, as the morning wore on, Lesley became more and more agitated(烦燥), and her mood became apprehensive(忧虑的,不安的) when Jeff did not appear. When noon hours arrived and he still had not appeared, she started making some phone calls. None of their mutual friends had either seen or talked with Jeff that day. Until today, Jeff had always been very punctual about returning the boy at the appointed time. Lesley felt a knot forming in her stomach as a crazy thought persisted at the back of her mind. She was absolutely sure something was wrong.
Jeff sat with his head bowed. He was undecided what to do. The domestic arrangement with his former wife was proving to be awkward. He was frustrated at being able to see his son only on weekends and felt he was always making concession to accommodate(适应,迁就) Lesley’s work schedule. Every meeting was turning into a competition for the boy’s affection. His one desire was to take Zac away for good. The enormous decision to undertake this plan appeared to be presenting itself. Today he would depart for a conference in California. This appeared to be marvelous opportunity to take the boy and leave the country for good. He bet that he could pack sufficient baggage into his vehicle and then disappear across the border, gaining entry the U.S.A He gave little thought to whatsoever of the fact this act could lead to his conviction if he was tracked down by the cops.
Meanwhile, for Lesley the nightmare continued to unfold as the reality of the situation deepened. After 48 hours, the spokesman for the district police department assured her they would investigate Zac’s disappearance. Her faith that justice would be realized was faint. The shock of the past two days’ events made her realize that possibly her son would become one more statistic in the missing children file. The police completed a preliminary survey after asking hundreds of detailed questions. Hot lines proved fruitless.
Meanwhile, over the next year there were countless visits and interviews at the police station and her home. The police appeared to making no progress in tracking Zac’s whereabouts. As the days passed, Lesley’s frustration(挫败) mounted and she felt a sense of alarm. Eventually, she decided to take the initiative in continuing the search and she began to use well-established child fin agencies. At times, boosted by hopes, she appeared to be on the right trail with a sense of disgust, but her hopes were dashed at the final moment. These obstacles only made her more determined not to quit or to abandon hope. After Zac’s picture was circulated nationwide, telephone calls followed from strangers reporting sightings of a Zac look alike. Month by month her plan evolved into a campaign equal to a full-scale battle plan. She paid an exceedingly high fee for specialized help, such as the services of an attorney. Lesley became determined to target every major city where Jeff normally contracted business. As the months slipped by, Lesley’s exhaustion became noticeable in her eyes. Her cheeks became hollow pits. Most days she felt as though she did not have an ounce of energy left because proof of Zac’s existence seemed impossible to find.
Another year passed and her hopes dimmed. Unexpectedly, late in August a promising lead brought her to Los Angeles.
The interior of the bar was dark. Her quest to locate Jeff and Zac had taken two years. She had pain private investigators in American currency to help her locate her ex-husband. In her handbag she carried the necessary proof that would identify her to the authorities if she was successful in being able to bring Zac home again, to Canada. She had been impatient for this moment to arrive for so long and yes now she just wanted to secure her son with a minimum of fuss. Now, right on cue, a tall stranger slipped into the bar and sat down. One glimpse told her it was Jeff. He looked weary(疲劳的) and older but definitely familiar. A chill ran up her spine(脊椎). Close to success, she refused to concede(不情愿地承认) defeat. It was the time to remedy the enormous sadness. This time she wanted a guarantee of success. She stared straight ahead with vacant look, trying to grasp the important moment. Vivid scenes, from the past two years’ search, flashed through her mind.
The following day, happily for Lesley, the headline of the local paper read, “Father turns over child, Mother slams system.”
Lesley and Zac’s subsequent life could now resume some form of normalcy, however, the stress and strain of the past years would always remain as a part of this renewed relationship in the memory.

(2)One Chance
The tiny antique silver pin lay in my hand. I stared hard at the solemn face looking back at me from the oval frame. I was looking for some resemblance(相像) between my ancestor and myself. Her brow was broad and strong, the eyes kind and forgiving. She wore a stiff black bonnet(无边小圆软帽), a high white collar and a coarsely woven shawl(披肩) around her shoulders. In examining her face more closely, maybe I could identify some similarity around the eyes and the nose. An inner strength shone from the eyes of this diminutive(小巧的) lady who had helped lead her family from Ireland to the New World.
The times, in Ireland during 1770’s, were difficult for everyone. John and Lily Love and all the tenants(租地者,佃户) of the Barren’s Court Estate were suffering after terrible floods destroyed their crops. The landlord was generous in allowing the land rent to fall into arrears(拖欠,还款), due to the difficult times. However, as weather conditions continued to worsen, the little family became pessimistic(悲观的) and felt desperate about the direction of their lives. Nearly every family at this time had at least one number of their family who had left for the New World. The ugly face of famine(饥荒) was lurking(潜藏,潜伏) everywhere. It was not possible with one acre of arable(可耕作的) land to make a living.
Late one night, after the children were in bed, John and Lily discussed the possibility of making a reservation aboard a sailing ship bound for(准备开往...的) America. John had noticed a poster(海报) in the town square, that posted by a ship’s owner trying to recruit for his ship. John knew that conditions aboard ship would not be ideal for Lily, her new infant son and the two elder boys; however, she acknowledge that settling in America would be the only way for the family to gain some independence and to earn a living. More importantly, it was rumored(谣言,传闻,听说) that land was free in the new country, Lily gave her consent to leave.
    In port, the sailing ship, Hannah, under the command of Captain Mitchell lay at anchor. The adventure of crossing the Atlantic Ocean bound for Philadelphia would take two to three months. Passengers were assured there would be the best provisions and plenty of barrels of fresh water. Storms could be fierce and living condition below deck would be primitive(原始的,原始人). John joined the long queue and eventually after a lengthy wait, reached the revenue table. He affixed(签署名字) his signature to the contract promising to pay five pounds per person for berths(卧铺) aboard ship. The clerk returned the receipt to John indicating that the sum of money had been paid.
Once under sail the three hundred passengers found themselves crowded into miserable conditions. The smell of so many people crowded together was offensive(令人不快的,侮辱的,攻击用的). The breadth of the vessel was narrow and the headroom(净空,头上空间) below deck minimal.
As the tiny craft sailed out of Lough Foyle, and entered the Atlantic Ocean, it started to roll ominously(不吉利地) and those aboard wondered if they would survive the long voyage ahead or be swallowed up by the enormous waves. Seasickness was everywhere and people had no appetite. The food, instead of being of high quality as promised, was too often rotten(腐烂的) and the water was brackish(有盐味的).
Eventually, the winds lessened and the captain was able to set his sights towards America and become ably steering(引导,驾驶,航行) the ship on an even(平坦的) course(航线). Eight weeks later, plus one day, the Hannah made landfall and the Love family disembarked(离船上岸) in America and became American newest immigrants. Gazing at the mainland after so many days of sailing was indeed a glorious sight. The difficult day’s abroad ship seemed worthwhile. Porters hurried along the docks the ship’s deck pushing baggage. Little girls with ribbons in their hair scanned the ship’s decks hoping to get a first glimpse of their father arriving. It seemed to Lily that it took forever to register and to pass through immigration.
John said that he would to ahead to scout(童子军,侦察员;侦察,搜索) out some land in the far west of the state. He would push on to the frontier(国境,边疆,边境) with a bunch of other Irish chaps(小伙). Lily and the children could follow more slowly, harnessing the horse and cart to convey their scanty(贫乏的,少的) possessions. The stuff in the cart would include a kettle, dishes, blankets, a chair, a bucket and an axe.
There was a perception(理解,感觉) by the government at this time that the feisty(易怒的,好斗的) Irish would resist any hostile(敌对的,敌对) natives refusing to retreat(撤退,退却) and thus maintaining the western boundary. The Irish, too, were pleased to settle as far away from the government as possible. Instead of purchasing land, they would “squat(占据)” on the property erecting only a temporary, humble(卑下的,谦逊的, 粗陋的vt.使...卑下,挫,贬抑) shelter to stave off(遮挡) the weather. Once their families arrived, they would inspire(鼓舞) the men to build proper cabins. Neither fancy(奇特) nor elegant(优雅), these log structures would be their first real home. Property boundaries at this time were not marked out with iron rods or stakes(标桩) in a standard fashion, but rather designated(标明,标出) by natural objects such as rocks, trees and creeks(小溪). Confusion and disputes must often have followed later, when these survey points disappeared.
After exploring the area around Shirleysburg, John and his sons rode over Sandy Ridge to survey the property below Black Log Mountain. It was here in a long narrow valley they decided to settle. The valley became known then, and is still called Love’s Valley today.
At the time, drums were used to forewarn(预先警告) that the natives were going capture the forts(城堡), which guarded the western frontier. Daily life in this new land, for the early settlers, was harsh(粗糙的,苛刻的) and difficult. First they needed to tame(驯服的,柔顺的,没精打彩的,被开垦的,平淡的;驯服;变得驯服) the land, chopping down trees, in order to be able to plant crops. At times they needed to defend their land and be wary(机警的) of attacks from wild animals, such as wolves and bears. Mosquito bites caused severe reactions of swelling((使)膨胀,增大) and itchiness(痒痒). Once the work was done, neighbors would gather for an occasional social function. The children would play for hours chasing butterflies and looking for birds’ nests. The boys would catch frogs and then tease(戏弄) the girls with them. There would be a delicious picnic lunch spread on the grass. John asked Lily to bring some freshly squeezed lemon juice for the picnic. He found the sour taste of lemonade(柠檬汽水) was refreshing((使)精神振作) on a hot summer’s day. Some of the men would have a drink of homemade in the moonshine before striking up a tune on the fiddle(小提琴). Square dancing was popular among the young people and the young lads would leap up to dance with the eligible(中意的,合格的) young ladies. Rivals(竞争对手) for a young lady’s hand in marriage would tend to complete to walk her home at the end of an evening. The romantic times were few and contrasted sharply with the stern(严厉苛刻的;船尾) reality of everyday life.
Neighbors were also few and Lily found she was very lonely. She looked forward to the occasional visits of the minister, Robert Ayers, who was a Methodist(卫理公会教派的) circuit rider. Meeting would be held in fields or small barns(谷仓,畜舍), three to four times a years. At other times neighbor women from over the mountain would meet to make quilts, blankets and cushions and to gossip(聊天) about their respective lives. They would share their secret fears regarding their new lives, their hopes for their children’s future and enjoy each other’s companionship(友谊,伴侣关系).
Twenty years slipped by and John Love died at the early age of 47. Several years later, son James and his family, as well as widow Lily, his Mother, made the decision to leave Pennsylvania and settle in Canada. They made the arduous(困难的,艰巨的) trek(旅行) over Indian trails, crossing the Niagara River to settle what we now call Ontario.
I am a Canadian. Having traced my roots and followed in the footsteps of these early settlers. I feel a sense of gratitude(感谢的心情) to my ancestors who faced extreme difficulties and severe hardship to settle in a new land. Liberty, then and in today’s world, is a priceless inheritance(遗产).
Once more, I glanced at the silver pin before returning it to velvet(丝绒的) box. Once again, I questioned, “What did I inherit from my Love ancestors?” I realize the answer has been revealed while writing this story. I have determination, strength, loyalty and a love of adventure. This is my inheritance.

3)The Man And This Castle (I)
La Cuesta Encantada(使用魔法迷惑) Castle is one of the most remarkable displays of power and passion(激情,热情, P- 耶稣的受难和死亡) in the world. This marvelous(引起惊异的,不可思议的,非凡的) tourism site now known as Hearst San Simeon State Historical Monument is better known as Hearst Castle. It is located six hours south of San Francisco and five hours north of Los Angeles. Sheltered by the mountains in northern San Luis Obispo County, the complex of 165 rooms and 127 acres of gardens, terraces(露台), pools, fountains and footpaths draws approximately 800,000 visitors annually. To understand the castle, you have to understand the man who built it, William Randolph Hearst. And to understand the man, you have to understand the land upon which he built his dream.
Born on April 29, 1863, William Randolph Hearst was the only child of George Hearst and his wife, Phoebe. George was a multimillionaire who amassed(积聚) his fortune through partnerships(合作关系) in three of the everlargest mining discoveries of copper, silver, and gold ores. In 1865, George began to accumulate parcels of land by obtaining 46 000 acres of the Piedra Blanco Ranch on California’s Central Coast. There be began a successful cattle ranch(大农场), eventually enlarging it to 250 000 acres stretching 50 miles along the coast.
William loved the ranch where he spent his summer vacations as a youngster and a youth, playing in the rugged(崎岖的) canyons(峡谷), descending the cliffs and camping in colorful Arab-style tents in the mountains with his family.
Phoebe was delighted in exposing her darling child to the beauties and wonders of the world and spared no expense doing so. During one of their adventures, an 18-month tour of the historic palaces and castles of Europe, William began a lifelong love of collecting. With his first acquisitions, German picture books, be embarked(着手,开始工作) on a 78-year session of excessive spending. He confessed to a love of the finer things in life and, as he had a bottomless(不见底的) purse, would never deny himself anything he wanted.
In 1887, while William was at Harvard University, he decided to take over the small newspaper, the San Francisco Examiner, which his father had accepted as payment for a gambling(赌博) debt several years earlier. George would have preferred that his son be involved in the mining and ranching interests, but the Examiner in March 1887. He was determined to increase the popularity(普遍,流行) of the paper and antique the best equipment and writers available.
William’s resolve to succeed inspired him to publish juicy(有趣的) tales of vice and stories full of drama and motivation(积极性,动机). In 1895, he purchased the New York Morning Journal, putting him in direct competition with the distinguished(杰出的) Joseph Pulizer and circulation(传播,发行) war began.
Both the Hearst and Pulitzer newspapers started to include sensational(耸人听闻的) stories about the Cuban Insurrection(起义). The stories greatly exaggerated claims of Spanish troops placing Cubans in concentration camp, forcing them to live under substandard conditions, disease-ridden, starving and dying. This style of reporting became known as “Yellow Journalism(新闻事件)”. The newspapers were transformed as the scope of the news broadened and became less conservative. Circulation soared as the public could get enough of the banner headlines and abundant illustrations. At the time, many people believe William actually might have initiated(开始,发动) the Spanish-American War to encourage sales. According the one report, when one of his correspondents, Fredrick Remington, requested to return from Havana, William responded that if Remington would furnish the picture, William would furnish the war. He was once quoted in an editorial as saying, “Make the news through Print all the news. Condense it if necessary. Frequently it is better when intelligently condensed.”
Another classic example of his influence occurred when, merely months after he advocated political assassination(暗杀) in an editorial, American President McKinley was assassinated.
As an intelligent and dynamic businessman, William generated increased readership by employing some of the most talented writers in the United States, recruiting figures from the literary community, like Mark twain and Stephen Crane, and the previously mentioned illustrator, Frederick Remington. He also showed his initiative when he chartered a yacht(快艇), equipped it as a miniature(小型的) newspaper headquarters, anchored off the coast of Cuba, and led his army of reporters into the field.
William’s interests led his to follow in his father’s footsteps, inspiring him into politics. He was elected to the U.S. Congress as senator representing the state of New York in 1902 and served until 1907. He was a candidate for the office of mayor of New York City and governor of New York State, but failed in both of these attempts.
While honeymooning in Europe after his marriage to Millicent Wilson in 1903, he expanded his publishing empire with Motor magazine. The Hearst Corporation grew to comprise a total 12 newspaper, including the Examiner, and 25 magazines, including Cosmopolitan. Not satisfied with just his publishing enterprises, he expanded his business operations into radio, and later produced movie newreels(新闻记录片).
( To be continue )

(4)The Man And This Castle (II)
This influential media giant was not without his fault. His prejudices were common knowledge. His career was blemished(玷污) by his offensive remarks about Spaniards, Japanese, Filipinos, and Russians. He printed lies, forget documents, falsified(歪曲) stories of violence, wrote provocative editorial and published sensational cartoons and photographs to support his opinions.
William hated minorities. He took advantage of very opportunity to heighten racial tensions. His real motive for his hatred of Mexicans may have been the loss of 800 000 acres of prime timberland to the Mexican outlaw(逃犯). Pancho Villa. His papers described them ad marijuana-smoking. Job-stealing, lazy, wicked, and violent degenerates(堕落). Some suggest be saw the Mexicans as a threat to his Empire.
During this period, William met and fell in love with a young actress, Marion Davies. Millicent, his wife and the mother of his five sons, including a set of twins, refused to dissolve the marriage, which obliged William to “live in sin” with the woman the tour guides refer to as his “friend” or “companion”.
With thousands of acres of land covered with grassland, trees, natural ponds, and man-made reservoirs available for use, William stocked the estate with herds of rare oxen and deer, and flocks of sheep and lambs. These animals flourished ad they were allowed to wander freely. Large, more dangerous beasts, including tigers, ostriches, buffalo, yaks, emus, kangaroos, llamas, zebras and giraffes were enclosed in the largest private zoo in the world.
The “complex” was ready for occupancy(占用) in 1927, but additions continued until 1947. Eventually it comprised the main house and three cottages, all of which are furnished with a variety of valuable antiques. Even the lavatories were specially equipped. William’s favorite room was said to be the library with its collections of more than 5,000 books, ancient Greek vases, and an antique Spanish ceiling suspended(悬挂) by cables so it will sway([使]摇摆) in the event of an earthquake (all the antique furnishings and treasures are anchored ad a precaution as this is an earthquake country).
In the 20’s, 30’s and 40’s, William lived part-time at the estate with his mistress, Marion Davies. They entertained to an excessive extent. To be invited to the castle was a privilege. Movie stars, politicians, businessmen, and even royalty(皇室成员) were frequent guests. Many of these guests, including a British lord, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith, Amelia Earhart, and Charles Lindbergh, flew to the ranch, landing on the private airstrip(飞机跑道).
Life on the “hill” was never dull. The visitors stayed in the main house or the cottages, depending on their prominence(重要) or their intimacy(亲密) with the family and were free to roam(漫游) the grounds, go riding on their choice of horses from the stable, swim in the pools, or play golf on the private course on the property. Company was expected, however, to meet in the main drawing room at 7:30 p.m. sharp, principally(主要的) to amuse their host. Dinner was a formal affair beginning at 9:00 p.m. This meal was held in the immense dining room, the walls of which are lined with priceless panels from ancient European cathedrals(大教堂). Following dinner, movies were shown in the private theater, starting rules guests had to follow: do not get drunk; do not swear or tell off-color jokes; sleep in separate bedrooms. If you wanted to eat, you could visit the kitchen… if you could find it.
Although William was closely involved in all aspects of the construction and decoration(装饰) of the mansion(大厦、宅邸) he continued his business and social interests. No stranger to scandal(流言蜚语), in November 1924, he found himself in the topic of headlines. The most enduing rumor was that, during a party on yacht, he had found Marion kissing Charlie Chaplin. In a fit of jealously he took a shot at Chaplin, missed, and accidentally hit Tomas Ince, killing him. However, even though the morning papers carried the story, the evening paper and successive editions printed that Ince had died of acute([疾病]急性的) indigestion(消化不良).
In 1945, William initiated the Hearst Foundation and created the California Charities Foundation in 1948 (the name was changed to the William Randolph Hearst Foundation soon after his death in 1951). The Great Depression took its toll on even the wealthiest and William Randolph Hearst was no exception. His fantastically(荒诞的) decadent lifestyle couldn’t last forever, and gradually his finances began to suffer, beginning the next chapter in the saga(传奇) of excesses(过度). He came close to being bankrupt(破产的) but Marion rescued him from debt, unselfishly, selling her jewels and some other property to raise over a million dollars.
In 1947, due to his health, he was forced to move permanently to Beverly Hills. Marion looked after him during this time, seldom leaving his side. When he died in 1951 at the age of 88, she was shunned(避开) by his family and forbidden to attend his funeral(葬礼).
The castle, its furnishings, the artworks in the gallery, and 1927 acres of land were given to the state of California in 1957. Since that time, the California Department of Parks and Recreation has kept the castle open to tourists.
Today a visit to the estate begins near the site of the old airstrip. Guests are transported to the top of the hill via bus. One can still see the signs giving wandering animals the “right-of way” on the lanes. Deer, cattle, and sheep often halt the buses’ progress up or down the mountain as they meander(漫游) to the salt licks.
Depending on the tour one chooses, guides escort(护送,陪同) the public through a variety of rooms, gardens. Cottages and pools. The luxury(奢华) of a bygone(过去的) era is evident at every turn. From the moment you arrive at the stairway to Neptune Pool until you bid farewell to your guides at the magnificent, golden and blue Roman Pool, you are reminded that a man had a dream. He had power and influence. Furthermore, he was prosperous enough to achieve his objectives and implement his dream.